My resume would have given a fair idea about my professional background.
On the personal side, I love listening to Indian classical music, am an
occasional singer and follow cricket closely. My acquaintance in your
esteemed company told me about this recreational club . Over and above
learning the ropes in my daily work life , I would love to be part of this
recreational committee. Most teams that I have been in, involved showing the
bigger picture and then delegating work among the people to reach this end.
I feel every member is motivated when he/she is well apprised of the
individual beneﬁts involved. I would try my best to delegate duties in line
with the career aspirations of my team members. I have been a ﬁrm believer
of sound class room training before you undertake a project. In my ﬁrst job as
a commissioning engineer, I was shipped off to site in my third month. I felt
my managerjust doesnt want to invest in my training and thus complained
to my HR. But little did I know that my manager had planned a detailed
session for me once i returned. He felt that unless i have an appreciation of
the product and the system, i will only be conﬁned to academic knowledge,
which is true. The training was extremely useful and i could relate far better
with my domain thereafter. when faced with a technical issue, I often go back
to my fundamentals in engineering and that helps me immensely. Similarly I
feel at ease in explaining the details about my products to people who have
some appreciation for the domain in which I am working. But often I am faced
with people who have little to no knowledge about the product but sadly are
the decision makers. Making things palatable to them is a big challenge. The
role requires considerable client interaction. That‘s an area I am working on. I
feel I am too direct at times with customer. An ideal person for this role would
be very crafty in speech and presentation. I wish to learn those skills from my
esteemed peers in this company. I would love to undertake some mentor-ship
roles in the long run