I am currently a fourth year Integrated MTech student at IIIT Bangalore. I
consider myself to be a passionate self driven person who is also a
technology as well as programming enthusiast. I love working on different
projects which allow me to exercise my creativity. I am hard working as well
as a determined student. I will persevere and will not stop until I reach my
goals. Apart from my academic life, I have various hobbies and I believe that
it is important to be holistic and well rounded I enjoy playing sports and am

part of the college basketball team. I also enjoy playing throwball and squash.

Apart from that I enjoy writing poetry in my free time. A recent difﬁcult
situation I had faced was that of non cooperative team members. We had to
write an open book, take home exam and we were in groups of three. We had
to stay back during out holidays to complete the exam and one of my
teammates refused to do so because she felt homesick. Initially, I was upset
and stressed out because we had to complete the exam and there were only
two of us and it counted for 50 percent weightage in a four credit course.
That teammate was one of my best friends so that made it all the more
difﬁcult. However, I decided to compartmentalize. I decided to take matters
into my hands, work hard and attempt to do my best without that teammate.
In the end, I was successful and we managed a good grade. I-‘rrst I would try
to resolve the matter on my own. However, if it is a problem involving
another colleague, I would try to talk to him and her. I would approach
him/her politely and discuss the matter calmly. If that does not resolve the
issue, then I would take it up with my manager. Success is a journey not a
destination". I don't think its such a black and white concept. In certain
aspects of my life I think I am successful.| know I am not yet where I want to
be yet I have a plan in place to get myself there. So relatively goal by goal I
am improving on myself and I believe that is success.  The biggest
challenge I've faced so far is the concept of Ieaming from one's failure and
moving on. One of the hardest challenges in life is to face failure and
rejection inspite of having prepared hard for an opportunity, One must learn
to quickly move on without brooding and see the bigger picture. The
strategies I would use to motivate my team is to ﬁrst recognize each
individual's strengths and give them due recognition and award them for
their achievements so far. Such a positive feedback loop will help one realise
his/her full potential. Then, I would let them know (politely) what needs to be
done in the future for improvement