I am student of |MTech batch. I like painting, dancing and travelling. Currently
I have started reading ﬁction novels and its very interesting to read various
books by different authors. I am a big Han'y Potter book fan. Other books
which I liked are The illicit happiness of 0th I also interested in the area of
Data Science. I like Machine learning and currently learning its basics. I am
from a small town in Tamil Nadu from a place called Erode. I am currently in
seventh semester and want to pursue my higher studies in the ﬁeld of Data
Science. I like coding and participate on various online judges. I like watching
sports more than playing. Yes. I was very careless when I was studying in
school. My brother and I used to go to school in the same bus. My brother
was in 1st standard. My mom always told me take care of brother in the bus
and to have a look at him. As a daily routine I was supposed to check if my
brother got into the bus or not. One day I was busy in chatting with my
friends and forgot to check if my brother had entered the bus or not.
Unfortunately that day he got late and missed the bus. After I reached the
stop near my home I realised that he was missing. Then I panicked and told a
lie to my parents saying he has dance practice and parents where supposed
to pick him later. Later my parents found that I told a lie. They scolded f.
Assuming I am appearing for the interview for the ﬁrst time in my life I would
say that they should hire me because I am fresher and the biggest advantage
will be that I have the talent to explore and try out new things. Any new
innovation or discovery or any improvement cannot happen until we try all
the best possibilities. So as I am a fresherl would make some mistakes but
eventually that will help them in knowing what works best and what doesnot.
Also failure doesnot demotivate me and my trust for knowledge and exploring
the world will help to work hard for the company. It may not provide imediate
reward but in a long run sweet fruits would be yield. My best so far has to
been to start a project in reinforcement learning in the area of Machine
learning. It is a highly researched ﬁeld. It has been the best move because it
gave me a feel of what is happening currently in the ﬁeld of technology and
how advance the machines and computers have become. Also reading
articles the site called Medium gave me picture of how to apply these
algorithms of ML in various places. Reading those articles gave a practical
picture where I can apply them and ﬁnd interesting stuff. It depends on
situation. If I feel that I am interested in some work and it involves risk in it
then I would deﬁnitely take the risk and go ahead with the work. But if the
work or task doesnot interest me then I would probably not take the risk
involved in it. Sometimes if I feel that the work will help me to explore
something very new and rare thing then I would take the risk. I am a very
straight forward person. I usually dont hide things and tell the truth most of
the times. In this process of telling the truth and being frank people ﬁnd me
rude and arrogant. They criticize about me saying I dont how to speak