I am a typical student who is more into computer science. Well, most of my
friends say that I am a geek which I would not refuse to accept. I love
programming and try to keep my Ieaming curve steep. I believe in the quote
There are many people doing more hard work for the same thing you do." Sol
do a lot of hard work and try to utilize my intelligence to the core. I am not a
person who gives up easily and displays a lot of patience. My character is
strongly built on the basis of self conﬁdence and morality. I had faced various
situations and I have tasted success in every single one of them.". There is a
quote which goes as, The body hates change". Well I have seen the quote few
years back and realized that our mentality is resistant to change and if we
are able to realize that try to change that then we would be successful in the
our ﬁeld. I am always open to change and I wake up in the morning awaiting
changes to my daily routine. That is why I am not a big fan of routine things
such as a static time table.''. There are quite few things regarding me that
most people criticize about.They are listed below.

1.Patience. (I have a lot of patience.)

2.Less ego.(Too less.)

3.Acting silly in few situations.

4.Not thinking twice before doing few things.

5.InabiIity to stick to a particular schedule.(As I told you in the previous
answer, I do not like schedules.)

6.Getting too excited for small things. My primary ambition when I was a little
younger was to become a movie director. I think I would have gone to director
classes to pursue my ambition. I would also like to exercise everyday and be
more ﬁt. Save more money. Reducing the amount of time that I have wasted
which was literally unnecessary. Study more books related to computer
science. You should not hire me because I am a very cautious person when it
comes to doing other person's work. So if you give an inﬁnite amount of time
to test your software,etc., I would literally do it for you. I might be hard
working but I am also lazy which is a quite different combination but I would
still get the work done. I think too much about a particular situation or a
problem. So if you are expecting a hundred different answers/solutions for a