I am Srikrishna S Bhat. I am an Integrated m. Tech student from IIIT—
Bangalore. My hometown is Mysore. Some of my interests lie in the ﬁeld of
Computer Vision, Robotics, Neuromorphic Computing and Optimization. My
hobbies are playing football and reading mystery novels and manga. I deﬁne
success as an achievement of your goals which also adhere to your ideals. My
initial interests were in the ﬁeld of Chemistry followed by Computer Science.
Given that I am in a good institute which is wel|—known for Computer Science,
I would say I am partly successful. I don't consider myself completely
successful as I couldn't pursue my ﬁrst interest. Further studies will prove to
be useful if one plans to work and specialize in a speciﬁc area in their ﬁeld.
Also, it should also have some utility value as it takes time and money.
Continuing on further studies without results could result in more loss than
use. Therefore, one should make sure to have some ﬁnancial stability before
doing so. I plan to continue on my further studies a few years after my job.
Depends on the type of change. Drastic and completely unexpected changes
in a negative context could damage my work and make me panic provided
that I don't have time to deal with the change. At such situations I need
another person to calm me down to deal with it. Or else I can calmly analyze
negative changes in my work and deal with them appropriately. One problem
in my nature is that I get easily distracted from my work if I am not in my
workplace. So if you are a company which purely has work from home
culture, you wouldn't want to hire me. On the plus side, if you have a lab like
environment in the ofﬁce, I end up forcing myself to work in the lab as it
provides me the right environment to work on. I was doing a project on path-
ﬁnding and maze—so|ving robots as part of my course project. The project did
require the use of stereo-vision, but due to time constraints, I ended up
cutting comers and demonstrated a robot which couldn't work efﬁciently
enough due to the lack of a 3d view obtained from stereo-vision. I was
criticized there for being negligent for cutting—corners and not putting enough
effort. I have tried to prevent such accidents in my future work