This is Neha Krishna Dasari , a student of iMTech 2016 batch. I hail from the
mirchi city— Guntur, Andhra Pradesh. I am a voracious reader of novels -ﬁction
and non-ﬁction and am greatly inﬂuenced by women centric novels of
contemporary themes. Sudha Murthy is my favourite author and I enjoy
poetry a lot. 'Fnk|e laid the foundation of this reading interest in me and I feel
proud to say that I read it till date.

My ambition used to be to become an astronaut and conquer the realm of
outer space. It started in my 4th standard when I ﬁrst read the biography of
Kalpana Chawla and she has been my inspiration ever. That according to me,
is a relative question and it depends on the other person. I would like to be
respected by people whom I don't have much acquiantence with . Generally
my behavior changes when I am with one person to the other. That is
because we need to be clearly distinct about what impression of us we wanna
be portrayed. So, I would rather be respected by stranger sorta people and
liked by people whom I am close with , since , it is with them only that we are
our true selves.

In a profession I would like to be respected whereas in relationships I believe
respect comes complementary to being liked.

.Wel|, further studies are important. They deﬁne us actually. We are always
students and I suppose that i cannot just manage on with a single degree.
There is this dearth of knowledge and also further studies take us one step
closer to our dreams because it is always good to be more informed. I would
suggest anyone to go for further studies,get deeper in the topic/leam new
things.

Sometimes further studies might help us lift the boundaries we imposed
ourselves on u. The new skill/s that I would like to acquire is/are —

1.| wanna learn a new sport , like , table tennis which i always thought is a
great game not only to improve you physically but also, I think when you hit
that ball, you have to be extremely careful about hitting it with the right
force. Even if we apply a little mmore force, it will go out. So, it imposes a
constraint. We will have a very good co—ordination of mind and hand which is
very essential in today's world. One needs to stop the gush of emotions and