Hello Sir/Madam.

I am Akshi, currently studying Computer Science in IIIT-Bangalore. I was born
and brought up in the holy city of Haridwar. I want to become a professor and
would love to be involved in cutting—edge research in future. I have multiple
hobbies. For instance, I am very passionate about reading books. I have read
numerous ﬁction and non-ﬁction books. I am specially inﬂuenced by
Mahadevi Verrna's works. I also love playing Table-Tennis and guitar. If I could
relive the last 10 years of my life, I would not hesitate in asking more and
more questions. I cherish all the memories that past 10 years have given me.
So, I would not change much. But I would certainly give more time to my
family and would love to learn a new language or more!. Ifl have problems
at my workplace, I would not make haste in complaining. Instead, I would
calmly analyze the problem ﬁrst. I would try to look at it from different
perspectives and would try to ﬁnd a solution that considers everyone's needs.
I'll first talk to the col|eague(s) with whom I have problems with. I'll approach
the higher authorities only when this approach doesn't work. I would also take
advice of my parents as they are much more experienced than me. Once I
lost my temper in the heat of the moment. I talked harshly to my friend about
her incorrigible habit of cheating in exams . At that time, I said it thinking that
it was for her beneﬁt only. She got hurt. However, after contemplating for
several hours, I apologized to her and explained to her calmly that she should
not cheat in exams. I also helped her prepare for the upcoming exams. She
passed with ﬂying colours without cheating. I am a very curious person by
nature. I am always eager to Ieam new things. This question has brought up
myriad of new skills which I would love to Ieam. However, given an
opportunity, the ﬁrst skill that I would love to Ieam is the skill to analyze
languages which forms a major part of computational linguistics. Also, I am
very eager to know about the latest technologies in the ﬁeld of computational
linguistics.

Given an opportunity, I would also love to Ieam hip-hop dance!. While making
decisions, I weigh both logic and intuition and decide accordingly. However,
there have been many instances where I trusted my instincts even when the
logic said otherwise and didn't regret it. Hence it can be said that I take risks
based on intuition but avoid taking irrational decisions