Well, I'm Shreyas gupta. I am from hyderabad but was born i rajasthan so, My
hindi is pretty good !

I'd call myself somewhere between the barrier of of An introvert and an
Extrovert. I'm a EDM Fan ( have gone for Armin Van Buuren and Afrojack
concerts I I have watched somewhere near to 37 TV series, 300+ movies
(basically a POP CULTURE aﬁcionado!)

I'm a tech Geek and a huge fan of Marquee Browlee !. Well, Some say that I'm
uncertain about what i wanna do with my life ( Clearly they don't understand
me !). They Often say that I'm a very moody person (I easily slip into deep
thoughts ). they even stereotype me on my color but I'm sportive so....never
take it to heart. Frankly, i try to be friendly with as many people as possible
but deep inside, i know that atleast 30 percent of them think that I'm a dork !.
Frankly speaking, I love strategic management! IF i summarize my thoughts
into poinls in chronological order, they would look like this.

1) Create personal interest. cause i believe that no matter what you do, if
he/she aren't interested, even almighty can't do anything !

2) Be a listener. Many people try imposing their ideas and never care what
others have to say.

3) present your experiences, talk with them personally and bloom this bud of
conﬁdence in them. Parallel Activities ? I once piled up a lot work and later
repented it ! so basically I had to attend my Golf lessons ( 8AM-10AM) then
come back, have my breakfast and then prepare for a Olympiad I was
selected for. Then Go out with my family ( can't ignore that cause Mom—dad
think that I'm too secluded ) followed by Completing Some unattended stuff. (
Might sound lame but, I'm a easy going person so...everything was easy-
peasy to me! ). Extremely ! Given that i got admission into this college at
the nick of time ! Basically i had no hopes on joining here and had planned for
taking a drop. Everything was set, we talked with the coaching institute, got
my books packed up and everything. I was gloomy, couldn't talk with my
pals, everything was going wrong ! That's when I got a mail from my dad
about this ! so, ifl weren't lucky, id not be sitting here and typing this