Hi. I am K.Abhigna. i am currently pursuing an imtech course in IIITB. I am
here to give a model online interview test. I did my schooling in Hyderabad.
My hobbies are singing, playing badminton, playing keyboard. My aim is
become a data scientist. Before joining in IIIT-B, i never had any experience in
coding. I am from a non— computer science background. initially i found very
difﬁcult to understand the concepts in computer science and required to do a
lot of background work. After struggling for a while, I learnt how to code
better with help of some good reference text books, youtube tutorials and
also with the help of a bunch of friends. At present, i can conﬁdently take up
any challenge and give a shot. To be frank, i hadn't done anything like rote
Ieaming for the interview. ijust gave a thought about my strengths and
weakness. Though I get nervous to face an interview, i convince myself that it
would help me and the panel members to identify our ﬁeld of interests and is
just an interaction session for that purpose. Interactions with alumni and
other seniors from the industry wolud also help to crack the interv. i faced
criticism when i was in my ﬁrst semester. A group project was assigned to our
group by out ITP professor. Our group decided that we would explore on Web
Development and present it to the whole class. Since, i hardly knew anything
about Web Development, i chose an obsolete topic. On top of that my
presentation skills were very poor. So facing the whole class was very
embarassing to me. Eventually i ended up spoiling the presentation. That was
the time when i was criticised for my work. Music! From my childhood to till
date, the most important thing to me is music. Whenever i feel lonely, i may
prefer singing or listening to music. I like any kind of music irrespective of
many languages. most of the times i can connect to any kind of music. i also
play keyboard. If i wouldn't have taken computer science i might have taken
up a profession related to music. Apart from that, i also love swimming. Every
summer, ijoin swimming classes and end up leaning. I had a goal before
pursuing b.tech. i wanted to do an MBA from IIM or any top notch university
abroad. But, after my JEE results are out, my family and i decided to take up
imtech course in IIITB. Since, it is a dual degree course, i didn't ﬁnd any point
in doing an MBA because the whole purpose ofjoining a research oriented
institution is defeated. So, i dropped the idea to pursue MBA and started
exploring more options after an imtech degree. At present, i love my ﬁeld and
still there's a lot more to explore and get connected with it