I am 5th year undergraduate student pursuing integrated masters in
Electronics and Communications Engineering. I am passionate about Ieaming
various technologies in the ﬁeld of computer vision. In fact, my aim is pursue
research as my career in this ﬁeld in future. Other than the academic
interesb I like playing outdoor games like cricket, table tennis, volley ball,
foot ball etc. I also love listening to music and playing musical instruments
like guitar. I am a novice guitar player at present and I am Ieaming th. I am a
great believer of hard work and passion. I take into account the 'interest' of
an individual whenever dealing with them. Hence, most of time my strategies
are going to be along the lines of understanding the interests of the people at
ﬁrst and try to motivate them in the project by making them realize the
importance of thier. I once worked in a team of 5 individuals. 2 of
them(inc|uding myself) are interested in working on the technicalities of the
project while others are not. Hence, we divided the project work among
ourselves depending on our interests. 2 of us worked on the technicalities of
the project, one on implementation of those technicalities and while rest two
of them helped in documentation of the project. But each time we ensured
that we discuss with each other about our work during our meetings in order
to ensure that everything is going in a right manner. I would prepare for my
IITJEE and AIEEE exam in a more matured way. I would manage my time in a
much better way (than i had done before) in utilizing it for playing various
games of my interests, learn music (which i always regret for not Ieaming it)
and last but not the least learn how to be active in the public involving myself
in group discussions, debates and many such things. I would also spend time
in going for a trip atleast once in a year with my family. I had a co—worI<er
which was never supporting to me in working on the project. In fact, it
annoyed me the most when i came to know that he can do very less work
and get a good grade still as I was there in the project. But, all these things
were in fact proved to be not correct completely when i started working on
him. He seems to be in need of help regarding the subject as he found it very
difﬁcult in understanding it. Hence, I tried to help him while doing the project
and ﬁnally by the end of the project I could ﬁnish the project as well teaching
him the. No I never consider myself lucky all the time because i never
achieved the things that i desired the most in my life till now. Even , in the
current position I am in right now, I believe its because of my hard work and
not by any chance. But, this belief now started making me realize that I might
be lucky sometime whenever i put in more amount of hard work