I am yashaswi. I am doing my imtech at iiitb. I like reading books, watching
movies and i am very intrested in knowing about the history. I like playing
basketball. I am intrested in mathematics and i do it well. I always control my
emotions in any case , either happy or sad. I love traveling. Trips with friends
are really awesome. I have an elder sister, who is persuing her MS in
housten, US. i like ﬁghting with her. I am satisﬁed. When we visit a place, i
pay much attention to know the history and speciality of that place. I watch
news. I am intrested in robotics. I even watch the updates of politics because
they inﬂuence us in our future. I watch sports and movies. Music is the best
relaxation. When ever i ﬁnd free time, I listen to music. It makes me forget all
my worries. I like interacting with my surroundings ,rather than being a frog
in the well. I would ﬁrst enjoy my life rather than putting all my time for
studies. I want to spend my time on sports. I would take batminton coaching.
I would learn dance, both western and traditional. I had hurt my parents
many times. so, i would rectify all my mistakes. Take good decisions. I would
put good effort in things what I am doing. Help my parents in many things
rather than escaping from work. We usually have conﬁdence when we are
good at a thing and we know that we are going to perform it better.
Conﬁdence usually helps us in development. It gives us more energy to do
the particular task. Where as over conﬁdence is the feeling that only I am
good at this and no one can overcome me. It may result in failure. Some
people though they are over conﬁdent they can succeed with their talent. But
if we have conﬁdence on us rather than over conﬁdence, it results us in good
results and success in life. I have made many mistakes but rectiﬁed then and
took care that i don't repeat them. And when I see any person facing same
problem I helped them in getting out of that problem. Hiring a person doesn't
depend on the origin of the person where he is from. They usually see the
talent and capability of the person thet he can do that work or not. Whether
he can do justice to the work he was given or not. So where ever the person
may be from , talent and intelligence matters not his origin