I am Raghav Bhatnagar from Gurgaon, Haryana. I am a student of the
integrated Mtech course at the international institute of information
technology, Bangalore. I am a technology enthusiast and love to be in touch
with the technological advancements which helps me in adapting quickly and
effectively to all the changes that our vast ﬁeld undergoes. I also love web
development and creating new applications to make the lives of people
better. I aspire to be someone who can spark change and can help as many
people as possible through technology. I am inspired by the work done by
Elon Musk and other such visionary as I feel that the future belongs to those
who can be the change and can implement and act upon their dreams. I
believe that my biggest strength is my ability to gel and mix well with people.
I have a lot of experience of working in teams and groups as well as heading
them. My adaptability is another one of my strengths as I keep myself
updated and can adapt quickly. This comes in handy in a lot of places,
especially in a ﬁx where we need a fresh outlook. I also don't loose my cool
easily in crunch situations and have been a part of many organizing
committees and have faced difﬁcult situations.

My biggest weakness id say is that i become a bit naive and headstrong. Both
these form a dangerous pair but along the course of time I have come to
realize that these weaknesses, when harnessed properly and at the right time
can form your strength, especiallly while dealing with people and negotiating.
The toughest decision I had to make was to pursue engineering over
archeology. I always had a knack for both the sciences and the social sciences
and had a particular interest in history and astrophysics. So at the time of
choosing the stream I wanted to take, I was in a dilemma. That was probably
the ﬁrst time I had to take a decision that would go on to shape my life. I took
my time and analyzed both the options taking various parameters into
account. Mainly the feasibility, scope in the country, future prospects and
also the probability of success in each of the ﬁelds. I concluded that
engineering had a better chance at all of these over archeology as the scope
of archeology in the country is meek at best. This made me realize that no
matter how hard the decisions may be, we have to think with our brains and
make the right decisions rather than falling for the folly of the heart. If I learn
a new skill that will probably be hunting and outdoor survival. I love being
outdoors, going for treks and for other such adventures where I am nowhere
near the civilization. I have, till now done this with a group of people but
would like to do so alone now. The only thing stopping me from doing so is
the fact that I don't have the basic survival skills needed to stay alive, even
away from the civilization. The skills i want to learn are mostly foraging, using
ropes at tight spots, building ﬁres and setting up camp on my own. These
skills come in handy when we go out into the wilderness and interact with the
nature. In this respect, Bear Grylls is my mentor/ role model as I have