Hel|o,l am Mohana Datta and i am from Hyderabad.l am a great fan of Hans
Zlmmer and i really love his music.| love to watch movies which come under
rom-com genre.| love reading nove|s,my favourite novels include Harry Potter
series by j.k rowling, Not a penny more not a penny less by jefrey archer,And
then there were none by Agatha christie.| love Claude Monet's paintings. and
i like to watch Basketball. 1.F|rst thing i would let my team know is that
results dont come overnight and we really need to work persistently to
achieve them.

2.|ts ok to fail but its not ok not to learn.

3.There is no shortcut to success and one has to pass through every obstacle
he faces to achieve it.

4.lf we were in a competition,i would tell my team that our success might not
really be in our hands but what we can do is to give our best shot for it.

. First beneﬁt we would get by doing some job is expen'ence.Expen'ence is the
one which sets us apart from others.|t helps us know how the industry really
works what kind of obstacles we face and how we can prepare to ﬁght back
those obstacles.

Second beneﬁt is that the job provides us an oppurtunity to develop our
ski|ls.Without skills we cannot achieve what we wanted to.

By doing a job we get to interact with different kinds of people,and we can
know different kind of perspectives on a topic which helps us in
understanding how others think. I used to cheat in exams when i was in high
school.Though i used to get good marks i never had a feeling of
satisfaction.Then i understood that its because of gui|t.worst thing a person
would suffer is by gui|t.Then i realised that if i copy it may give me beneﬁt for
short periods like getting a good grade but in long term it affects us really
bad.

After realising this i started not to copy,it was difﬁcult in the ﬁrst unable to
get good marks,a|ways ﬁnding reasons to copy again,but i kept on with my
motive not to copy and from that time i never tried to copy. When i was in my
high school,and when i had to prepare for my engineering entrance exams