I am Harsha, currently studying in iMtech 3rd year in IIIT Bangalore. I am from
Hyderabad.

I have interest in knowing new things and understanding things which i learn.
My hobbies are listening to music and watching movies.

I generally believe in being positive and accept things as they are. I am a
jovial and happy person. I generally do not link both of them. When i am
working on any thing i try to focus much on that and complete it by keeping
milestones and targets. When i am not working i make sure to enjoy as much
as i can by going out or having a good chat with family and friends. So
whenever i have a holiday or have no work i keep myself free from doing any
other work related things and do my personal stuff. I tend to break my work
into small parts and try to make them simpler by working on them one at a
time. I tend to take a 5 min break after each target so that the mind is
relieved for some time and not panic myself thinking about the work. I keep
deadlines for each such target and try to complete it correctly and not
hurrying and making it worse. If the work is not ﬁnished in the deadline then i
will complete the wor1< ﬁrst and then sleep. I would like to learn dancing and
playing a new instrument. I have been fascinated by music related stuff as it
brings joy and lets me forget about any issue and makes me calm. Dance
also increases concentration and ﬂexes the body which is good for improving
the inner and outer personality. I am generally good to everyone and try to
make them and myself happy about any stuff we talk about. When i have any
quarrel or ﬁght with anyone i excuse them after sometime. But the other
person sometimes take advantage of this quality of mine and starts or makes
a new issue and ﬁghts back. In the second and the third semester of my
college my CGPA has decreased due to few subjects as i was not interested in
them. I was not happy with that but tried to calm myself and concentrate on
the semesters that followed and focused to understand each concept and not
go through it. This helped me nicely for every subject in the following
semester and helped me increase my CGPA very well