I am tanmay jain. I am from bhilai, chhattisgarh. i completed my schooling
from Delhi Public School, Bhilai. I like to play badminton and i also like
swimming. I also have a keen interest in Ieaming programming languages. I
have also developed a water level sensor system for my society in bhilai
which involved software programming and hardware assembling.

I also like to interact with people and make new friends. I have absolutely no
problem working under a person younger than me till i know that i can gain
even a small bit of knowledge from him/her. the only criteria i want is that
he/she should have deeper and more knowledge than me so that i can Ieam
new stuff and gather better experience from his/her work. Apart from my
studies, i want to visit new places in the world. I also have a diehard feeling
to go on a roadtrip in spain just like the movie zindigi na milegi dubaara.

I also wish to develop games and other software in computer science. Apart
from these i also want to continue with building various others stuffs like the
water level sensor i discussed about in my intro. thses electronic stuff
fascinate me a|ot!!. hardwork means we put in all our efforts to every thing
that we need to do without prioritizing them while smart work means
prioritizing our work on the basis of what we are actually doing into various
subparts and then deciding how much time and effort do we need to put in
each of these subparts.

But this does not mean we forget hardwork while focusing on smart work.
hardwork is required but in a smarter way.... this is the key idea of smart
work. when i got to know people around me here at iiitb, i met a lot of people
and one of them used to sit quietly in one comer without interacting with
anyone. he was always studying and i thought of him as a bookworm who
does not know how to enjoy. but at the freshers party, he was the one who
enjoyed the most. he danced with everyone, talked to me and my friends as
well. next evening he also came down to play badinton and he was very good
at it. so this made me realise how wrong i was to judge him without knowing
him. depending on what problems i have, i will seek for the proper personnel
and then discuss the problem with them. depending on how severe the
problem is, i will take necessary steps like if it is a minor problem i will
probably drop a mail and if it is a seriousissue, i will go and talk to them
personally