I am Tanya Shrivastava. I am from Bhopal, and am currently pursuing my
BTech. degree in Information Technology from the International Institute Of
Information Technology, Bangalore. I want to pursue higher studies in NLP
post my graduation. If I could relive the last ten years of my life, I would make
sure not to make the same mistakes I did. I would like to show a little more
behavioral maturity, and not shy away from opportunities. I would enjoy
more, and have more conﬁdence on myself, and probably have a more
positive approach towards life in general, realizing that the little things that
seem to matter so much at that point are actually only small hurdles when
you look back later. I am a hardworking person, who believes in leading
without title and by example. I believe in bringing my team together and
achieving beyond the goals set by the company. I am good under pressure
and don't yield to stress, and have the capability to motivate my team to do
the same, I have had prior experience of management by being a part of
student councils both in school and college, and have developed the time
management skills required in the process. I will be a loyal employee, and will
rise up to the challenges given to me. In order to convince a client, it is
important to see regarding which area they have the most doubts, so that
that knowledge can be used in persuading them. Apart from building a good
case about my ideas, and selling them to the client by informing him how the
ideas will help achieve both short term and long term requirements and goals
and why they are the most preferable way to go, I will also address the
apprehensions and doubts of the client, and try to convince him by making
him satisﬁes and reducing his possible fears. Conﬁdence is when one is aware
of one's capabilities and knows one's part in the team, while overconﬁdence
is where arrogance starts setting in, when one becomes so sure of oneself
that it borders on overestimating one's capabilities. Conﬁdence is what
motivates a person, it is when a person realizes he is a part of a team and
does his part well by believing in himself, and that in turn beneﬁts the team.
overconﬁdence on the other hand is deteriorating to both oneself and one's
team in the long run. Although I am still in college and have not had an idea
of working for a company prior to this, my best career move so far, as far as
technical ground is concerned, would have been to have made a strong
foundation of both theory and practical knowledge of my subject by working
on a number of projects and researches. I have also tried to keep in touch
with diverse subjects in my ﬁeld, that has helped me to try and have a broad
knowledge base. Non academically, my best move would have been being a
part of the Student council in my college, that has helped me develop a lot of
interpersonal skills, organizational and leadership capabilities, and a lot of
other personal and professional skills