My name is Satvik. I am 18 years old born in 1998 , Bangalore, India. I am
currently doing iMTech program at IIIT Bangalore. My main interests are
programming and mind puzzles like rubix cube. I am quite a passionate
coder. I enjoy roller scating and swimming. My favorite TV shows are game of
thrones, person of interest, blacklist and da vinci demons. I am a pretty nice
guy, quite helpful. Everyone ﬁnds me friendly. Sometimes I can be quite
cranky too. I don't game much, however i really enjoy mini militia. I believe
my skill sets are complimentary and useful. One of my major strengths is to
accurately predict a person's potential. Therefore I will be an excellent team
player and coordinator. You will ﬁnd that I am a loyal employee. Though I am
in the technical ﬁeld, I do have some experience and knowledge in business. I
believe that you will ﬁnd me to be the whole package. My mother inspired me

Her approach was always better than anyone else's regarding any matter.
May it be academics, relationships or cooking. She always encouraged me to
think out of the box and not stay within the lines. Because of her effort i was
always ahead of my peer group. This instilled interest in me. And after
interest I got inspiration. Moreover she gave me a good outlook of life and
how to live it. I really hope to be like my mother one day. Yes and No

I believe true success is achieved when one is satisﬁed, content and happy.

I consider my self successful in some areas like career, professional life etc.
However I am yet to be successful in areas like social life. But I am not so
worried because I feel I am becoming more and more successful day by day.
There are a lot more areas in life I am yet to explore and ﬁnd happiness in.
Therefore in conclusion I think I am quite far from success but I will get there
eventually. Yes

My ﬁrst love

I regret falling in love. It destroyed me for quite sometime as it worked out
very horribly. I have not yet completely recovered from it. But its probably for
the best. It thought me many important things. Now I am much more careful
and smart. its probably because of that I started working very hard and I am
who I am today. Maybe its all for the best. Still its one decision I regret in life.
The biggest challenge so far has been ﬁtting in. When I was young I had
absolutely no problem regarding this matter. I could easily make friends with