I am Vasundhara. I like reading, singing, playing and interacting with people
from different walks of life. I come from a family of academicians. As a result
of which, I have had an upbringing where knowledge (about almost anything)
is regarded as an element of paramount importance. I try to complete the
tasks given to me to the best of my abilities but I do not like donkey work. I
like work which needs a certain degree of intelligence. I usually get along well
with people of all sorts. I believe that whether this option should be pursued
depends on the person and what they wish to achieve in their life. As for me,
I want to know about more and more about things which I ﬁnd interesting. I
also think that I would love the interactions and intellectual stimulation that
only an academic place can provide. I will deﬁnitely take up such an option if I
get the chance. Actually, this has not really happened yet to me in a
professional capacity if perhaps a few instances from middle school or high
school can be excused. However, if this were to happen in the right way
(positive criticism), I think I would be able to handle it in a way it brings some
improvement in my work or the organization. I will be willing to accomodate
any suggestions or advice that I feel would make the work better. There are
many such factors. Sometimes, the work ilself is very interesting, so that I
get hooked to it. Sometimes, I see the good work done by people like
Mahatma Gandhi or Isaac Newton or even Aristotle with very limited
resources. The fact that they were able to do such amazing things motivates
me to do my job, however tiny, to the best of my ability. Sometimes, it is the
real people around me like my parents. I see that even though theirjob is not
very huge in terms of impact, if they had not done it the way they had, where
would I be?. This answer is probably the hardest. There are so many things
that I wish I knew like writing poetry, playing football or surviving in the wild.
But considering the world that we live in, I think I would like to Ieam
meditation or some self-defence mechanism. These are the things off the top
of my head. Ideally, I would of course like both. But yes, I am inclined more
towards a job that I would enjoy than a job which pays quite a lot but makes
me miserable. I would also take into account how I would ﬁt in the
environment at the workplace before making this decision