I am Shruthi Nambiar, a Research Associate at IIITB. I did my undergraduation
at BMSCE and passed out with a CGPA of 9.38. I was in the top 5 percent of
my batch. Since then I have worked in the research division of SanDisk as a
frimware development engineer. My work mostly involved performing user
data analysis and developing ﬁrmware features based on the result of the
analysis. Our most recent ﬂagship model was presented at the Mobile World
Congress and gained accolades. My penchant for efﬁcient analysis led me to
|||T wherein I plan to pursue a short academic stint. Going further I plan to
pursue my masters in this ﬁeld. A great person once said, the only true
knowledge is the knowledge that you know nothing. To achieve greatness, we
sometimes need to start over. We need to Ieam to let go of our ego and focus
on our goals. When the mind is focused on the end goal, everything else
becomes secondary. Working under someone younger would be a refreshing
experience. We get to learn that age and wisdom need not always be in sync
and that greatness comes from talent and effort. It is an experience of a
lifetime that we should all experience, an experience that Is exhilarating and
humbling at the same time. I can bring to the table what only a new person
can bring. Unbiased perspectives. Someone who has been part of the system
for many years is accustomed to the engineering thought process of the
existing system. With experience comes assumptions. A new person like me
would have the ability to question some underlying assumptions. Moreover, I
have worked in different environments in the past. I can bring in my past
Ieaming experiences on both the technical and the process front, make
astute observations and make useful suggestions ultimately adding more
value to your team than an existing employee. At my previous job in SanDisk,
we were given the task of developing the ﬁnnware for a 256 GB micro SD
card. IT was the ﬁrst of its kind in this world, a ﬂagship model. We did not
have the required hardware resources to take this task to fulﬁlment. Our ﬁrst
milestone was achieved on time. But before the second release, we faced
several challenges. We saw the hardware behave in unexpected ways
throwing up more and more failures each day. This was the ﬁrst time I truly
understood the strength of a team. Teamwork was one of the ﬁve pillars of
our company and we stood by it. Together we worked day in and day out and
worked hard to get the issues resolved, one at a time. We ﬁnally met the
target and all of us, as a team won several awards for teamwork and
outstanding performance. As a child I was told, Hard work beats talent when
talent fails to work hard". It was an advice that stuck with me through my life.
I pondered upon what hard work meant to me. I realised being systematic in
what we do in breaking our tasks and doing a little each day we can achieve
all that one can ask for. Hard work to me was a way to circumvent
procrastination. Staying organised. They say when you look back at life, you