Hi. I am Vaishnav Ram from Bangalore. I am an electronics and
communication Engineer, graduated in the year 2014. Currently, I am
pursuing the Master of Science by Research program in IIIT—B. The reason why
ichose Engineering was because of my passion. I Ieamt the power of
semiconductor devices and the impact of it in various ﬁelds like defence,
medicene, music etc. in my 10th standard and was very fascinating. I decided
then that i will become a researcher in the ﬁeld of electronics and be a
valuable contributor to the same. And that is the reason i am pursuing the
Research program for master's and not the course oriented Mtech program. I
also worked in an electronics start up called Worldserve Education for an year
from 2014. After my 12th standard, i wanted to study in one of the premier
engineering colleges in India. But unfortunately, I couldn't do well in the
entrance exams of those. But, without losing hope, I followed my passion
towards electronics and joined a decent engineering college in Bangalore. I
designed few projects, and attended several workshops during the 4 years of
course. Later, ijoined an electronic startup and designed several projects
during my tenure of one year. Now i am in the path of canying out valuable
research and contribute to the ﬁeld of electronics. Yes! I have made many
mistakes in my life, which led to where I am today. I would say that without
those mistakes i would haven't Ieamt the way to handle those. One of the
common mistake i do is to talk in front of people without giving it a thought,
which used to make people uncomfortable around me. I realized my mistake
and also got some feedback from my intimate circle of friends and tried to
control the way i speak when in a group. There are many decisions in my life
which were tough to make. After getting a low score in 12th standard, it was
hard to decide whether to join Engineering and pursue my passion, or to
believe that i don't belong in the electronics ﬁeld as my scores were too low. I
chose Engineering. After completion of engineering, I had a choice ofjoining
two of the best companies offering the role of a software engineer without a
good CTC. I also had the choice ofjoining a startup which worked on
electronics, and the pay was very less. I chose to join the electronics startup.
After completion of an year, it was tough to let go of the job and prepare for
GATE entrance test and pursue masters. But i did leave my job. These are
some of the tough decisions i had to make in life. I would consider or ratheri
would prefer an organised lifestyle. I keep my things clean and in proper
organised place, which helps me in ﬁnding my things easily. I also plan my
week using a weekly planner and try my best to achieve my weekly goals by
following it. these are two examples to say that i am an organised person.

But life is not sunshine and rainbows as Sylvester Stallone says! I do
procrastinate sometimes, go off the schedule and relax more. There are days
where i missed my breakfast and slept for nearly 10 hours, which could be a
possible example to say that i am a disorganised person sometimes.