Hello, i am Mansi Goel from Delhi. I am currently persuing M.Tech from IIITB. I
have done my B.Tech from College of Engineering Roorkee in Computer
Science stream.

I have a family of ﬁve. My father is a businessman and my mother a
homemaker. I have two siblings. My elder sister is working as an Assistant
Manager in an MNC in Gurgaon and my brother is persuing CA.

My hobbies include sketching, net surﬁng and

. Conﬁdence is one which lets a person break his inhibitions and attain great
success . However, overconﬁdence is a trait which when persued makes a
person arrogant and blind to the others ideas and respect. I would maintain a
healthy one to one relationship with all my team members so that i can have
an idea of what is going on their front .if things become a little unhealthy in
their personal or professional space , i would try to offer advice and also help
to the best i can. Also, i would make sure that the achie of each person is
never get unappreciated. Well its a little ambigous question as i dont fully
understand the meaning of outside. Will try to answer from what i have
understood.

So apart from sketching , surﬁng net, i love to read novels. I am a die hard
fan of ﬁctions. I also love to solve puzzles like sudoku, crosswords in my free
time. My outdoor interests include shopping, visiting new places, going out
with friends, etc. Before persuing my masters i was working as a Software
Engineer in an MNC. I was a strict 9 to 5 job, sometimes more. So, the
weekdays were pretty much hectic , howvere, i used to try to squeeze some
time within the ofﬁce hours and would for go chit chat with friends or would
play badminton, or a random scroll around the area to revive my mood. To
rejunuvate i used to go out on weekends with friends and family. Also a good
novel would do so. Well, to err is human. So yes, i have made mistakes be it
on personal or professional front. As per me, committing mistakes is not bad ,
the evil is to not accept it. In most of the cases as i can recall, ifi have
realized my mistake i would accept it and would try to minimize its damage.
So , if it