I am Shivam Singh from Lucknow. I passed SSC from Cynthia Public School,
Nainital then class 12th from RLB School Lucknow. I chose engineering as a
career option to me for that I joined Graphic Era Uniersity, Dehradun and
completed B.tech in ECE receiving Gold Medal for academic excellence. Now I
am pursuinf M.Tech in SOC from IIIT Bengaluru. Prior to IIITB I have been
pursuing MS in Industrial Engineering from IIT Kharagpur but I left the course
in between.

I like to write poems and stories and currently I am working to write a book. I
love to cook food. Hard work is all about diligently performing the task
assigned or encountered. Hard work does not concerns with how efﬁciently
the task has been performed. It is just about laborious devotion towards the
task in order to complete it. On the other hand smart work not only talks
about the completion of work it concerns that how effectively and efﬁciently
the task has been done. Smart work is to save time, people and money.
Obviously to be smart. Apart from engineering a lot of things interest me sol
read about them and I try to share what I gain through these readings. Once I
start sharing information with others from different aspects of life they start
getting annoyed and criticize me. Also I have a habit of nor tolerating wrong
things so easily retaliate towards any wrong activity which also makes me to
taste a lot of criticism. If the idea is good then it becomes quite easy to
convince the client because a good idea has a reﬂection of what it can
become. And once the idea is not good and by not good I mean different and
novel then deﬁnitely one has to suffer tough time convincing the client. We
need to show a lot of background work, statistics, even historical notions and
some expected miraculous results to convince the client. Personally for me it
doesn't matter whether at work or not, time is always precious. As time
traveling is just a fantasy till now so time once gone never comes back so
better to use it in the best possible way. And the best possible way is not only
at work, each moment is blank page and we can try our best to write what we
want. And it is obvious that not every time what we wish will happen but
whatever happens will. I never loved taking risks I always wanted things to be
straight forward but as the time has passed I have learnt to take risks and
believe me I have taken a few very serious risks and one of them is dropping
IIT Kharagpur and joining IIIT Bengaluru. I don't know how many people ﬁnd
this decision of dropping IIT a risk but trust me once you are in IIT then
leaving it is really very difﬁcult