I am from Jabalpur, Madhya Pradesh. My dream is to become a teacher in
college, teaching basic subjects like data structures, C++ to the under
graduates. I like photography, particularly of animals and nature (like tree,
sky, mountains). Currently I am a member of the Student Activity
Counsi|(SAC) of the college. I follow the motto of never give up" so I work with
pre". I am a member of Student Activity Counci|(SAC) in the college. In the
month of September, just after becoming a member of SAC, there were a
series of events to be organized in the college and I also had class tests and
studies to handle. I had to manage both. I used to do SAC work in evening
after attending my classes and spend the nights in studying. There were
times when SAC work extended till night so I covered. I like reading ﬁction
novels. I am more interested into mystery solving and crime investigation so

I have read some of Dan Brown, Sidney Sheldon, Agatha Christie.| also like
reading articles online and in newspaper. I like to learn and play different
sports like basketball, table tennis, lawn tennis. I like photography, in
particular shooting animals and nature. Yes, I consider myself as lucky as I
have many things that some people do not have. I have my parents to guide
me, friends to support me and many more. I also think that I am lucky
because of some life events I experienced like, I was preparing for GATE along
with B.Tech ﬁnal year, my preparations were not up to the level, but then the
paper was not difﬁcult in 2015 and I made it to IIIT-B. In my B.Tech we had a
project in seventh semester. We were a team of 3 girls. Two of us, including
me were working on the back end and one was working only on the design
part of the front pages. The design part of internal pages was also being done
by the 2 of us. At that time I felt that she is not doing her fair share of work,
but I with my other team mate managed to do b. In my B.Tech sixth
semester, we had a minor project. We had a team of 3 girls. We were to make
a website, but among the 3 of us only I took the course of C#.Net. So I had to
think of how all 3 of us can work and contribute to the project. It was an
online primary Ieaming site and had a lot of design work and we also had to
make presentations for young children , so I gave these 2 works to my other
team mates while I did the datab