Hello My name is Shubham . I belong from Kanpur, U.P. I did my graduation
fromjIIT Noida in Electronics and Communication Engineering. I am currently
pursuing Masters in Data Science.I love travelling. I have been to many
places like Chikmanglur , Rishikesh ,Jammu and kashmir. I love eating and
mostly I like fast food. Apart from studies I have a great interest in singing
and Playing Instruments. I love singing hits of Arijit Singh.And in the last I
would say that a person can do anything if he is determined to do so. I have
always be a Ieamer and judging my present based on the past will be like
judging yourself again and again. See the main thing which i believe in is that
life is full of rights and wrongs.You don't have control over it.So go on with
your decisions and don't think too much.What i am trying to say is live your
life full , work hard and enjoy like you never did. At times I take my work very
seriously. Due to this I spent most of the time of the day in work only and my
whole focus moves to it.If anyone comes and interferes i get disturbed and
that disturbance releases in the form of frustration on that person. In the
organization, most of the employees think that they have got theirjob and
won't have any problem in future.From here on they begin lacking one thing,
passion to learn. From what i experienced , the employees don't know about
new technologies , ideas and new tools which they should be working
on.Whereas the outsider who has been living in this fast growing technology
will be knowing these cutting edge technologies much more than the
emp|oyees.So , at the end the company will get beneﬁt. As i said I have been
a Ieamer and I will continue to nurture my present knowledge and the
interests which I shall be having. That passion of mine to create something
which is going to impact the world has never been out of my sight. With so
many projects and Seminars done I have that experience which can lead my
company to new heights and yes i believe in myself. As I said there is nothing
to disappoint me. My present is what I have been in my past .If i changed the
decision at that time , some other thing would have happened .50 i believe in
my past .What I am is because of my past and I respect that.That was me
only at that time , so it will be judging actually the past you