I am 2nd yr MTech IT student of IIITB. I am a fast Ieamer and have
interpersonal and leadership skills. My area of interest is Machine Learning,
Computer Vision and Data Structure and Algorithms. I have a work
experience with TCS for 30 months as a JAVA developer. My hobbies are
reading, swimming and playing basket ball. I like to visit places with natural
beauty, oceans, mountains etc. Conﬁdence is knowing that no matter how
hard a problem comes you will work hard and prepare your best to be able to
solve it. On the other hand over conﬁdence is considering that you can
handle something without the need of preparing for it. An instance would be:
I will deﬁnitely get a good job no matter how much time will it take because i
will work on all my shortcomings. Overconﬁdence is I am already too good to
crack this interview and i will crack it. I am a fast Ieamer and a hardworking
responsible person. I have always fulﬁll all my responsibilities whether in
academia world or in job. My work was awarded and appreciated by my
leads. I was lead developer and backup lead in our project in a small span of
1 year afterjoining . I was given best performance bands and good
promotions. I have good analytical and technical skills, even if there's a
problem that I am new to, i will be able to ﬁnd a solution. It was a project
where the estimations of efforts and analysis of change done by the person
was wrong and I was incharge of development of that product. I found out a
way to convince my onsite counter part to buy a small amount of time as
much as he can, and pallnned to break down the problems in small
deliverables which would be given to client one by one. So that we will get
more time to develop and the deliverables also doesn't get delayed. Because
even if the requirement is delivered at once, tester will verify one by one so
why not deliver in pieces. Was awarded by my leads for handling this.
Success is able to do what you like and be bale to earn a sufﬁcient amount
form it. Success is when your work doesn't looks like a burden but the joy,
your results gives you immense pleasure and you can look back and proud of
the hard work you put in to get it. Success is not about how much you are
better than him/her (i.e. your colleague) but how much you have improved
yourself. Every one wants to succeed but not everyone wants to put efforts
and hard work for it. It is addition of small small achievements you made and
reached where you are. I have a different experience than people in the
organization, I will bring a new perspective a different approach for the tasks
Organization is working on. I am different form the person you will promote I
have some qualities he won't have. I am smart, hard working person with
continual Ieaming attitude. I have some skill set and I will gain more as I Ieam
more. Every project that I have worked on , I have received good appraise
from my team mates and leads