I am Darshan Bhat, currently studying second year M.tech. My stream is Data
Science. I graduated in 2014. I did my B.Tech in PES university bengaluru
majoring in Electronics branch. My area of interests are algorithms, data
structures, machine learning, signal processing and communication.

Apart from technicals, I love to play and watch cricket. I love to cook if I get a
chance (and daring people to eat it :) ). People often criticize me about my
presence of mind and humor. I guess these two will make our day to day work
much easier and better. People also trust me for the challenges I take to
complete the assigned work. I was my teams favorite when I used to work in
my previous company, you can refer to my linkedln recommendations as
proof of concept :). This happened when I used to work with my previous
employer. Suddenly an important bug was rose by the customer on a Friday
evening. Unfortunately that being a long weekend most of my team mates
including my tech lead was on a holidays out of Bangalore. That bug being
very important and had a potential of customer dis—trusting our company, I
was spell bound to ﬁx it. I came to ofﬁce on Saturdays and sundays and ﬁxed
it after working around 10 hours on each day. In the technical side my
interests are algorithms and data structures, machine Ieaming, signal
processing and communication. I would love to work in the core technical
team.

On the non technical side my interests are playing cricket, cooking. I would
love to visit new places along with my best buddies. I always want to keep in
touch with latest technology, so I used to sur. Well this is a very interesting
question. I usually dont carry work related stuffs after the ofﬁce hours, unless
it is life threatening :). I want to spend quality time with my family after
ofﬁce hours. Weekends are like my stress busters. I will go for an outing with
my family. That will help my to get refreshed and motivated to work again on
monday :). Along with that, I will love to maintain my ﬁtness. Being a morning
guy I am going to gym before coming to ofﬁce. which is a. I am a very
organized person when it comes to my work. I always try to ﬁnish my work
earlies of my deadline. I always managed my time sheets efﬁciently in day to
day work. I always maintain notes of all the meetings.

I feel sometimes disorganized in home. I wanted to do several things in the
free times, but I will fail some times in prioritizing them